I never say what trap did that
peckerwood had a gun in my face and he
was an ass hair away from pulling the
trigger and he didn't but he could have
and then I would have been dead for what
stopping some jerk-offs from playing
dress-up flip it into well I'm not
risking my life to prevent some rednecks
from letting a couple sticks on fire
this is the job what's your problem
that's my problem for you it's a crusade
for me it's a job it's not personal nor
should it be why haven't you bought into
this why should I
because you're Jewish brother the
so-called chosen people you've been
passing for a wasp white anglo-saxon
Protestant cherry pie hot dog white boy
hmm it's what some light-skinned black
folks do they pass for white doesn't
that hatred you've been here in the Klan
say doesn't that piss you off of course
it does then why are you acting like you
ain't got skin in the game brother
lookee that's my business
it's our business I'm going to get you
your membership card so you can go to
the cross-burning and get in deeper with
these guys right partner
[Music]